# Fruit-Juice-Stand
The program is a point of sales program for a juice store.  There are nine types of juices the user can pick from.  The user can select from the following nine juices:  apple, orange, watermelon, mango, papaya, cantaloupe, avocado, pineapple, and peach.  The user can also pick a size for the juice that they picked; the available sizes are small and large.  The user can also pick the sugar levels from no sugar, half sugar, and regular sugar.  The user can pick how much of the item they want to order.  The user can also pick the ice levels from no sugar, half sugar, and regular sugar.  The main window has a picture of the menu along with the prices for the drinks sold at the store.  The prices are dependent on the type and the size of the juice.  The main window will first prompt the user to give their operator id and once the user selects to start order, it will display a customer id. The main window will also display a tableview with information about the order (items ordered).  Users are able to add items to the order by clicking an add button and the table would update with the table with new orders.  When the user wants to edit an item in their order, they can click the edit button and the row selected with get updated with the order.  If the user wants to remove an item from the order, they will have to select the row and click the remove button.  When the user clicks on the add or insert button, a dialog box will prompt the user to enter the juice, size, ice level, sugar level, and the quantity they want.  Once the user selects the pay button, a receipt will be printed with the items they ordered and the total amount to paid (in this case downloaded on to the user’s computer).  If the user wants to see records of all sales, the user can select the button sales records to download a file with all the sales (record of all orders and total sales amount).